README.md, before:


## Concepts
### General Angular
- we first must import the browser module as it “provides services that are essential to launch and run a browser app.”

### Forms general concepts
- each input element must have the name attribute to be properly identified within the form.
- `novalidate` is used to disable the browser’s native form validation
- custom validator must implement, the `Validator` interface 
- `NgForm` Creates a top-level `FormGroup` instance and binds it to a form to track aggregate form value and validation status.
- As soon as you import the `FormsModule`, this directive becomes active by default on all `<form>` tags.  You don't need to add a special selector.
- `NgForm` is automatically attached to `<form>` tags (because of the default `NgForm` selector), which means we don't have to add an `ngForm` attribute to use `NgForm`
- any div or tag can be turned into form by adding directive `ngForm` see file `isolated-form.component.html` for sample
- In template driven forms, all `<form>` tags are automatically tagged as `NgForm`.  To import the `FormsModule` but skip its usage in some forms,
for example, to use native HTML5 validation, add the `ngNoForm` and the `<form>` tags won't create an `NgForm` directive. 
- In reactive forms, using `ngNoForm` is unnecessary because the `<form>` tags are inert. In that case, you would refrain from using the `formGroup` directive.

### Template Forms
- reference - https://www.toptal.com/angular-js/angular-4-forms-validation

-When the `FormsModule` is imported, Angular automatically detects a form HTML element and attaches the `NgForm` component to that element (by the selector of the NgForm component)
-by adding the `NgModel` directive, all inputs are registered to the `NgForm` component. 
- The two main functionalities offered by `NgForm` are:
  - Retrieving the values of all registered input controls
  - Retrieving the overall state of all controls
-  To expose the `NgForm`, we can add the following to the `<form>` element:
```
<form #myForm="ngForm">
     ..
   </form>
```
This is possible thanks to the `exportAs` property of the `Component` decorator.
- What if we want to have a sub-group of inputs from a specific context wrapped in a container and separate object in the values JSON ? 
  -The way to achieve this is by using the `ngModelGroup` directive.
- Template driven form does not have support for creating arrays like there is no (NgModelArray?). 
There are two approaches to handling it as a work around see `phone numbers` for approach one and `addresses` for approach 2 in `SimpleFormExample1Component`
- The `myForm.control.markAsTouched()` is used to make the form touched so we can display the errors at that moment. 
**The buttons don’t activate this property when clicked**, only the inputs.
- if we’d like to access the NgForm object in some method in the component, we can do it two ways
  - the NgForm can be passed as an argument to the function that will serve as a handler for the onSubmit event of the form. 
  ```<form #myForm="ngForm" (ngSubmit)="register(myForm)">
       …
     </form>
     register (myForm: NgForm) {
       console.log('Successful registration');
       console.log(myForm);
     }
     ```
  - The second way is to use a view query by adding the @ViewChild decorator to a property of the component
     ```@ViewChild('myForm')
        private myForm: NgForm;```
-         
### Reactive Forms


### approaches for nesting forms
-  `NgModelGroup`, `FormGroupName`, and the `FormArrayName` directives can be used as containers and used for nesting withing or across components `NestedFormExample1Component` demostrates this
- CVA
- `NestableFormDirective` created in nestable-form.directive.ts


## Concepts to look into and create samples
- implement async validator
- implement registerOnValidatorChange for custom validation



# AngularSamples

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

change detection learning using https://blog.angular-university.io/how-does-angular-2-change-detection-really-work/

README.md, after:


## Concepts
### General Angular
- we first must import the browser module as it “provides services that are essential to launch and run a browser app.”

### Forms general concepts
- each input element must have the name attribute to be properly identified within the form.
- `novalidate` is used to disable the browser’s native form validation
- custom validator must implement, the `Validator` interface 
- `NgForm` Creates a top-level `FormGroup` instance and binds it to a form to track aggregate form value and validation status.
- As soon as you import the `FormsModule`, this directive becomes active by default on all `<form>` tags.  You don't need to add a special selector.
- `NgForm` is automatically attached to `<form>` tags (because of the default `NgForm` selector), which means we don't have to add an `ngForm` attribute to use `NgForm`
- any div or tag can be turned into form by adding directive `ngForm` see file `isolated-form.component.html` for sample
- In template driven forms, all `<form>` tags are automatically tagged as `NgForm`.  To import the `FormsModule` but skip its usage in some forms,
for example, to use native HTML5 validation, add the `ngNoForm` and the `<form>` tags won't create an `NgForm` directive. 
- In reactive forms, using `ngNoForm` is unnecessary because the `<form>` tags are inert. In that case, you would refrain from using the `formGroup` directive.

### Template Forms
- reference 
  - https://www.toptal.com/angular-js/angular-4-forms-validation
  - https://blog.ng-book.com/the-ultimate-guide-to-forms-in-angular-2/

-When the `FormsModule` is imported, Angular automatically detects a form HTML element and attaches the `NgForm` component to that element (by the selector of the NgForm component)
-by adding the `NgModel` directive, all inputs are registered to the `NgForm` component. 
- The two main functionalities offered by `NgForm` are:
  - Retrieving the values of all registered input controls
  - Retrieving the overall state of all controls
-  To expose the `NgForm`, we can add the following to the `<form>` element:
```
<form #myForm="ngForm">
     ..
   </form>
```
This is possible thanks to the `exportAs` property of the `Component` decorator.
- What if we want to have a sub-group of inputs from a specific context wrapped in a container and separate object in the values JSON ? 
  -The way to achieve this is by using the `ngModelGroup` directive.
- Template driven form does not have support for creating arrays like there is no (NgModelArray?). 
There are two approaches to handling it as a work around see `phone numbers` for approach one and `addresses` for approach 2 in `SimpleFormExample1Component`
- The `myForm.control.markAsTouched()` is used to make the form touched so we can display the errors at that moment. 
**The buttons don’t activate this property when clicked**, only the inputs.
- if we’d like to access the NgForm object in some method in the component, we can do it two ways
  - the NgForm can be passed as an argument to the function that will serve as a handler for the onSubmit event of the form. 
  ```<form #myForm="ngForm" (ngSubmit)="register(myForm)">
       …
     </form>
     register (myForm: NgForm) {
       console.log('Successful registration');
       console.log(myForm);
     }
     ```
  - The second way is to use a view query by adding the @ViewChild decorator to a property of the component
     ```@ViewChild('myForm')
        private myForm: NgForm;```
-         
### Reactive Forms


### Change Detection
- reference : https://blog.angular-university.io/how-does-angular-2-change-detection-really-work/
- A zone is nothing more than an execution context that survives multiple Javascript VM execution turns.  It's a generic mechanism which we can use to add extra functionality to the browser.
- Angular uses Zones internally to trigger change detection, but another possible use would be to do application profiling, or keeping track of long stack traces that run across multiple VM turns.
- The following frequently used browser mechanisms are patched to support change detection:
  - all browser events (click, mouseover, keyup, etc.)
  - setTimeout() and setInterval()
  - Ajax requests
- By default, Angular Change Detection works by checking if the value of template expressions have changed. This is done for all components. 
- By default, Angular does not do deep object comparison to detect changes, it only takes into account properties used by the template
- When using OnPush detectors, then the framework will check an OnPush component when any of its input properties changes, when it fires an event, or when an Observable fires an event
- but OnPush works by comparing references of the inputs of the component


### approaches for nesting forms
-  `NgModelGroup`, `FormGroupName`, and the `FormArrayName` directives can be used as containers and used for nesting withing or across components `NestedFormExample1Component` demostrates this
- CVA
- `NestableFormDirective` created in nestable-form.directive.ts


## Concepts to look into and create samples

- implement async validator
- implement registerOnValidatorChange for custom validation



# AngularSamples

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
