On Page load
child-root-parent.component.ts:40			called in the constructor of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:54						called in the constructor of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:45				called in the constructor of ChildOfChild1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:48			called in the ngOnInit of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:57			called in the ngAfterContentInit of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:58						called in the ngOnChanges of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:62						called in the ngOnInit of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:71						called in the ngAfterContentInit of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:49				called in the ngOnChanges of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:53				called in the ngOnInit of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:62				called in the ngAfterContentInit of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:70				called in the ngAfterViewInit of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:79						called in the ngAfterViewInit of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:65			called in the ngAfterViewInit of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent

After button click event in child which only change things in child and its child
child1.component.ts:36						updateText method called in Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:49				called in the ngOnChanges of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent

After button click event in child which chnage things in child and sends the change in property to its child and emit event which is consumed by parent
child1.component.ts:47						updateTextWithEmitEvent method called in Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:29			updateTextFromChild method called in ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:49				called in the ngOnChanges of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent

After button click event in parent which chnages things in child
child-root-parent.component.ts:34			updateText method called in ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:58						called in the ngOnChanges of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent

After button click event in childofchild which chnage things in childofchild only
child-of-child1.component.ts:32				updateText method called in ChildOfChild1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent

After button click event in childofchild which emits event that is passed on to root
child-of-child1.component.ts:38				updateTextWithEmitEvent method called in ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:42						updateTextFromChild method called in Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:29			updateTextFromChild method called in ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:52			called in the ngDoCheck of ChildRootParentComponent
child-root-parent.component.ts:61			called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
child1.component.ts:66						called in the ngDoCheck of Child1Component
child1.component.ts:75						called in the ngAfterContentChecked of Child1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:57				called in the ngDoCheck of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:66				called in the ngAfterContentChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child-of-child1.component.ts:74				called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildOfChild1Component
child1.component.ts:83						called in the ngAfterViewChecked of Child1Component
child-root-parent.component.ts:69			called in the ngAfterViewChecked of ChildRootParentComponent
